readme.md, before:

# Creative Sprint - October 2017
This repo contains all web related [#creativesprint](https://www.instagram.com/explore/tags/creativesprint/) prompts for October 2017. Days that are not listed below (e.g. were not web related) can be found on my following social media profiles:
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/joeleisner)
* [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/joeleisner/)

## Prompts
Here's a list of prompts that are contained within this repo.

### [Day 24](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-24)
It's #UnitedNationsDay! Find inspiration today in a tradition of a culture other than your own. I made some sushi.

### [Day 23](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-23)
Make something inspired by a sound you hear today. I made a mini synth.

### [Day 22](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-22)
Create something inspired by a piece of spam e-email you have recently received. I made a minimalistic ruby.

### [Day 21](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-21)
Ask someone to tell you a story about their day. Make something inspired by their story! I made a pint glass full of beer.

### [Day 18](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-18)
Take something you use every day and remake it using completely different materials. I built my matte-black iPhone 7.

### [Day 16](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-16)
It’s National Dictionary Day! Learn a new word and create something that represents it. I built an animated message bubble inspired by the word “conlang”, an invented language.

### [Day 12](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-12)
Make something inspired by a favorite childhood toy. I built a Lego figure's head.

### [Day 11](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-11)
Work together with another Creative Sprinter, today. Unfortunately, I don't know anyone else who I could collaborate with, but that didn't stop me! I got some feedback from folks, and decided to build another loader with a bouncy-ball wave.

### [Day 9](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-9)
Today is World Post Day! Create something inspired by the Postal Service and their work. I built a mailbox with an animated mailbox flag.

### [Day 7](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-7)
Recreate a famous work of art using material and technique of your choice. I built Piet Mondrian's "Composition II in Red, Blue, and Yellow".

### [Day 6](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-6)
Use palindromes as your inspiration today. I built a loader animation with a palindromic wave.

### [Day 4](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-4)
Create something using disposable plastic bags as your primary material. I struggled making something with actual disposable plastic bags, so I decided to take things digital by building a disposable plastic bag.

### [Day 2](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-2)
Make something representing the origins or meanings of your name. My last name is "Eisner", an occupational name for an ironworker, smith, or ironmonger. It derives from the Middle High German "isen" and German "eisen", meaning "iron". I built an animated hammer/anvil.

## Setup
To set this project up, make sure you have the following:
* Node.js 6.4 or higher
* NPM 5.X
* Gulp installed globally: `$ npm i -g gulp`

This has been tested only on macOS Sierra / High Sierra, so functionality may vary.

### Install
```
$ git clone https://github.com/joeleisner/creative-sprint-october-2017.git
```

### Build
```
$ cd creative-sprint-october-2017
$ npm i
$ gulp build
```

### Run
```
$ cd creative-sprint-october-2017
$ gulp
# Checkout localhost:8080 in your web browser
```

Commit message:

Added and documented day 25's prompt

readme.md, after:

# Creative Sprint - October 2017
This repo contains all web related [#creativesprint](https://www.instagram.com/explore/tags/creativesprint/) prompts for October 2017. Days that are not listed below (e.g. were not web related) can be found on my following social media profiles:
* [Twitter](https://twitter.com/joeleisner)
* [Instagram](https://www.instagram.com/joeleisner/)

## Prompts
Here's a list of prompts that are contained within this repo.

### [Day 25](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-25)
Make an homage to or recreate another Sprinter's work by searching the Creative Sprint hashtag or Facebook group postings. I made a key inspired by [shapes.and.colors.rva](https://www.instagram.com/shapes.and.colors.rva/) & [westerfeld](https://www.instagram.com/westerfeld/)'s day 18 prompt.

### [Day 24](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-24)
It's #UnitedNationsDay! Find inspiration today in a tradition of a culture other than your own. I made some sushi.

### [Day 23](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-23)
Make something inspired by a sound you hear today. I made a mini synth.

### [Day 22](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-22)
Create something inspired by a piece of spam e-email you have recently received. I made a minimalistic ruby.

### [Day 21](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-21)
Ask someone to tell you a story about their day. Make something inspired by their story! I made a pint glass full of beer.

### [Day 18](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-18)
Take something you use every day and remake it using completely different materials. I built my matte-black iPhone 7.

### [Day 16](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-16)
It’s National Dictionary Day! Learn a new word and create something that represents it. I built an animated message bubble inspired by the word “conlang”, an invented language.

### [Day 12](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-12)
Make something inspired by a favorite childhood toy. I built a Lego figure's head.

### [Day 11](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-11)
Work together with another Creative Sprinter, today. Unfortunately, I don't know anyone else who I could collaborate with, but that didn't stop me! I got some feedback from folks, and decided to build another loader with a bouncy-ball wave.

### [Day 9](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-9)
Today is World Post Day! Create something inspired by the Postal Service and their work. I built a mailbox with an animated mailbox flag.

### [Day 7](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-7)
Recreate a famous work of art using material and technique of your choice. I built Piet Mondrian's "Composition II in Red, Blue, and Yellow".

### [Day 6](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-6)
Use palindromes as your inspiration today. I built a loader animation with a palindromic wave.

### [Day 4](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-4)
Create something using disposable plastic bags as your primary material. I struggled making something with actual disposable plastic bags, so I decided to take things digital by building a disposable plastic bag.

### [Day 2](http://www.joeleisner.com/creative-sprint/day-2)
Make something representing the origins or meanings of your name. My last name is "Eisner", an occupational name for an ironworker, smith, or ironmonger. It derives from the Middle High German "isen" and German "eisen", meaning "iron". I built an animated hammer/anvil.

## Setup
To set this project up, make sure you have the following:
* Node.js 6.4 or higher
* NPM 5.X
* Gulp installed globally: `$ npm i -g gulp`

This has been tested only on macOS Sierra / High Sierra, so functionality may vary.

### Install
```
$ git clone https://github.com/joeleisner/creative-sprint-october-2017.git
```

### Build
```
$ cd creative-sprint-october-2017
$ npm i
$ gulp build
```

### Run
```
$ cd creative-sprint-october-2017
$ gulp
# Checkout localhost:8080 in your web browser
```
